# Introduction

QZ Tray + Angular 7 + Electron (Typescript + SASS + Hot Reload)

Currently runs with:

- QZ Tray v2.0.8
- Angular v7.1.4
- Electron v4.0.0
- Electron Builder v20.28.1

With this sample, you can :

- Run your app in a local development environment with Electron & Hot reload
- Run your app in a production environment
- Package your app into an executable file for Linux, Windows & Mac

## Getting Started

Clone the repository. Then install dependencies with npm :

``` bash
npm install
```

Have QZ Tray service running on your machine

Relevant files:
  * src/app/services/qz.service.ts
    - initialize QZ tray after providing backend endpoint for getting SSL certificate and another endpoint for signing the hash string generated by qz tray
    - overridesR RSVP with native promises
    - sets qz debug mode true
    - esatblishes websocket connection with qz tray service

  * src/app/components/home.component.ts
    - this is the component that loads on the page when the app loads
    - there is a simple test button that calls a method in this script to print labels
    - provide the ZPL string (['...']) at the top of this file
    - provide either the printer name or printer host at the top of the file, and uncomment the respective printer setup command inside the `printLabels()` method


There is an issue with `yarn` and `node_modules` that are only used in electron on the backend when the application is built by the packager. Please use `npm` as dependencies manager.


If you want to generate Angular components with Angular-cli , you **MUST** install `@angular/cli` in npm global context.
Please follow [Angular-cli documentation](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) if you had installed a previous version of `angular-cli`.

``` bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

## To build for development

- **in a terminal window** -> npm start

Voila! You can use your QZ Tray + Angular + Electron app in a local development environment with hot reload !

The application code is managed by `main.ts`. In this sample, the app runs with a simple Angular App (http://localhost:4200) and an Electron window.
The Angular component contains an example of Electron and NodeJS native lib import.
You can disable "Developer Tools" by commenting `win.webContents.openDevTools();` in `main.ts`.

## Included Commands

|Command|Description|
|--|--|
|`npm run ng:serve:web`| Execute the app in the browser |
|`npm run build`| Build the app. Your built files are in the /dist folder. |
|`npm run build:prod`| Build the app with Angular aot. Your built files are in the /dist folder. |
|`npm run electron:local`| Builds your application and start electron
|`npm run electron:linux`| Builds your application and creates an app consumable on linux system |
|`npm run electron:windows`| On a Windows OS, builds your application and creates an app consumable in windows 32/64 bit systems |
|`npm run electron:mac`|  On a MAC OS, builds your application and generates a `.app` file of your application that can be run on Mac |

**Your application is optimised. Only /dist folder and node dependencies are included in the executable.**

## You want to use a specific lib (like rxjs) in electron main thread ?

You can do this! Just by importing your library in npm dependencies (not devDependencies) with `npm install --save`. It will be loaded by electron during build phase and added to the final package. Then use your library by importing it in `main.ts` file. Easy no ?

## Browser mode

Maybe you want to execute the application in the browser with hot reload ? You can do it with `npm run ng:serve:web`.
Note that you can't use Electron or NodeJS native libraries in this case. Please check `providers/electron.service.ts` to watch how conditional import of electron/Native libraries is done.

